[Music]
welcome back to story recap today i will
show you an action drama mystery film
from 2011 titled source code spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
a train is moving toward chicago
captain coulter stevens an army pilot
wakes up on the train confused as to
where he is christina begins to talk to
him and calls him sean he looks through
the train distracted by every movement
so he doesn't even respond to the
conductor when he asks for his ticket
culture is jumping with christina as
well when she tries to help him find his
ticket she asks him why he's acting so
strange but coulter tells her that he
doesn't know who she is he gets up and
goes outside for a second trying to
figure out where he is but he comes back
to his seat next to christina suddenly
he sees his reflection in the window
showing a different face culture goes to
the toilet and looks at himself in the
mirror seeing someone completely
different he opens the wallet and sees
the same guy there christina is waiting
for him in front of the toilet he tells
her that he neither knows sean nor her
suddenly the train explodes colder wakes
up in a different place hearing a female
voice telling him that he's with
beleaguered castle and asking if he's
functional he's still confused and can't
answer any of the questions the
disembodied voice is asking him the
voice only wants to know what happened
on the train and where the explosion
came from culver asks her who she is and
she shows up on a monitor in front of
him telling culture that he already
knows that she tells him that they will
rebuild his memory pattern and begins a
mnemonic procedure the woman reads him a
passage while accompanying visuals
appear on the screen coulter isn't
paying attention and is trying to get
himself out of the seat as the woman
continues with the exercises suddenly he
remembers parts of the exercise and
repeats back what he had heard before
she asks for her name and coulter calls
her goodwin dr rutledge shows up briefly
on the monitor checking something then
coulter asked to talk to his father
goodwin interrupts him and continues to
ask him about the bomb on the train she
tells him that christina calling him
another name is incidental he doesn't
know who bombed the train so goodwin
tells him that he will go back inside
for eight minutes again coulter thinks
that he's in a simulation but goodwin
will not give him any information about
his status she just insists that he find
out more information about the train
find the bomb and you find the bomber
coulter is back on the train christina
is telling him that she gave her notice
at work and will be taking the lsat he
hears a soda can open and a woman spills
coffee on his shoe calder says that it's
the same train but somehow different
which christina understands is some deep
statement he activates a timer on his
watch and says that everything looks so
realistic still convinced he's in a
simulation culture looks around for the
possible bomber and jumps over to a guy
asking how long the delay would be the
guy jokes around and christina tells him
that he's a comedian he looks around the
train searching for something out of the
ordinary and he sees a student give back
some of their wallet colder steps back
on the train and remembers that the
explosion came from behind him he goes
into the toilet and looks through it
colder notices that the vent has been
tampered with and opens it finally
finding the bomb he begins talking to
goodwin thinking she can hear him and
instruct him on the next steps with the
bomb coulter leaves the bomb how he
found it and gets another idea on how to
find the bomber he goes back into the
cart lies to the people that he's
transit security and that there has been
some kind of security breach so they
have to stop using all of their
electronic devices no one really
believes him and when he sees a man
still on his laptop he closes it for him
and breaks his jaw christina runs over
to the man to help him and coulter says
not to worry because neither he nor she
are real the train explodes and he's
back goodwin tells him to stabilize and
lower his pulse she asked if he found
the bomb and he tells her that he did
but coulter asked to speak to dr
rutledge since he figured out that he's
her commanding officer colter thinks
that he was in afghanistan just two days
before but goodwin says that it was two
months he's still confused but he
replies to her questions about the train
she tells him that he's not in a
simulation but that real lives are at
stake colder wants to know more before
he can continue with the mission goodwin
asks routledge if she can tell him
anything and when he confirms that she
can goodwin tells him that the train he
was on had already exploded that morning
and more attacks like that one are
underway sean fentress was on that train
and coulter is him now he doesn't
understand yet but she keeps pushing for
information culture tells her where he
found the bomb and what kind of
detonator it operated with goodwill
explains that the detonation was planned
to occur at the same time when a freight
train was passing by engulfing both
vehicles the bomber must have been close
enough to see when that would happen to
detonate the bomb she tells him to
concentrate on the passengers on his
train and concentrate on performing only
the tasks that she has given him they
send him back colder wakes on the train
in the middle of the same conversation
the woman spills coffee on christina's
shoes and she's very kind about it which
colter comments on he believes she's
real now colder asked the conductor
about the behavior of the passengers on
the train and the man replies that he's
the one looking strange then he asks
christina if someone looks suspicious to
her tells her to sit next to him and
says to think of it as a game she jokes
around about all of the people in the
car naturally not taking him seriously
commenting that he knows the people more
than her because he talks to them all
the time suddenly coulter notices a guy
coming out of the bathroom and christina
comments that they're going into racial
profiling she tells him that he's the
only other person she'd seen coming out
of there making him think for a second
culture looks through shawn's things but
only finds her name in his notebook he
wants to go after the guy he saw earlier
and makes christina come with him
culture tells her to wait outside the
station as he follows the guy inside the
washroom he can hear him getting sick in
a stall and inspects him making him
really uncomfortable the guy leaves with
coulter after him he joins him at the
bench where he's sitting on and asked to
borrow his phone the guy asks to be left
alone and leaves when coulter attacks
him and keeps asking to see his phone
suddenly the bomb explodes and he thinks
that the guy may be the bomber not
completely convinced he goes after him
again and the man pushes him on the
tracks coulter doesn't get up in time
and is hit by an oncoming train he
awakens in the other place but neither
can he hear beleaguered castle nor they
call her the place feels freezing cold
and begins shutting down the man working
with goodwin tells her that he's in
trouble then they both go to see
rutledge who tells them that no one has
ever been in a situation like him before
and that they should keep sending
signals to him and see if he responds to
any of them meanwhile coulter finds a
toolkit and manages to restart the power
in the place where he's at he begins
hearing distorted voices as rutledge is
sitting down on goodwin's computer
culture hears her reading the passage to
him and calls out to her as rutledge is
preparing to leave the doctor talks to
him telling him that he invented the
thing he is inside of and confirms that
he's in charge as coulter tells him that
he saved a passenger from the train
goodwin comes back and continues the
conversation she tells him that saving
the people on the train is outside of
his mission coulter insists that she
survived but rutledge explains that she
survived only in the source code when
asked by colder what that means he tries
to simplify it for him source code is
not a time travel machine but something
more similar to time reassignment he can
only go back there and report to what he
has seen in a kind of parallel reality
through the eyes of sean fentress who is
his link culture insists that he saves
someone so good when asks for her name
and looks for her online she tells
colter that christina died that morning
on the train he still doesn't understand
but they need to send him back again
because there's a second suspected
attack in the center of chicago they
think that this time the bombers will
activate a dirty bomb so the city is
being evacuated the army thinks that if
he can find who bombed the train the
second attack might be prevented before
they send him back goodwin tells him
about a handgun he can find on the train
she authorizes him to use every force
necessary
when coulter wakes up on the train he's
very disappointed to see christina there
they talk a little and it's apparent
that he's slowly falling in love with
her coulter has a mission though when he
gets up to achieve it he goes looking
for the gun and finds it exactly where
goodwin told him it would be
unfortunately the conductor catches him
getting into the safe with a gun he
points the gun at him when the second
conductor electrocutes him colder wakes
up on the train again only to see
christina next to him asking what he was
doing he doesn't know what to tell her
and knows he's running out of time so he
asks her what she would do if she only
had one minute left to live colder tells
her that he would call his dad and tell
him he's sorry christina tells him that
everything is going to be okay as the
bomb explodes on the train again before
he wakes up in the other place coulter
has some strange visions involving
christina he tells goodwin that the gun
wasn't the best idea and that he wants
to speak to his dad she brushes him off
saying that she will try to do that
culver asks her how he is doing because
he doesn't understand the process she
moves aside to show him where he is
being kept and tells him that she hasn't
been on the other side of the source
code because the specifications are
tremendously narrow for a viable
candidate goodwin doesn't want to waste
more time and after she assures him that
he's doing good sends him back to check
through the passenger's things
coulter is back at the train and gets to
it faster he draws the military patch
that goodwin has shown him when
christina approaches him colder asks her
to look for his friend that disappeared
in afghanistan and gives her his real
name to search for suddenly he becomes
suspicious of a guy talking on the phone
he goes over to him and searches through
his bag looking for something culture
notices that a woman has a bag from an
army medical center and goes up to talk
to her he asks her about the letters on
the patch she tells him that it stands
for air force and at the end stands for
nellis coulter asks her for her phone
and calls nellis air force base he asks
for rutledge and tells the operator to
tell him that captain colter stevens is
calling for him christina finds him and
tells him that the friend he asked her
to look for his dead killed in action
two months ago suddenly coulter has some
memories from afghanistan and he hears
goodwin's voice again taking him through
the mnemonic exercises when he wakes up
in the other place he immediately asks
goodwin if he's dead he tells her that
he found an article online saying just
that as well as that his father received
a medal for him she tells him that he
needs to focus on the train and that
everything else is irrelevant culver
insists to know and goodwin tells him
part of the truth she says that part of
his brain is still active but that his
body is a manifestation colder asks if
he's imagining that he's in the capsule
and the thing begins to fall apart she
confirms that the capsule is also a
manifestation and doesn't tell him where
his actual body is being kept rutledge
intervenes saying that they need to send
him back to the train so that he can
prevent another attack culture still
doesn't agree with the way the source
code works and tells rutledge that he
called him from the train that morning
the doctor tells him that he didn't
receive that call and if he did it would
have been a different reality the
rutledge receiving that call would be a
different routledge entirety coulter
needs more convincing so the doctor
tells him that the project was
sanctioned by a military court
furthermore he tells the air force
captain that many other soldiers would
love the opportunity more preferable
than death having the possibility to
continue serving their country coulter's
retort to that statement is that for
many soldiers one death is service
enough rutledge promises him that he
will let him die if he finishes the
mission before he sends him back on the
train rutledge tells him that two
million americans depend on the success
of their mission and if he doesn't value
his own life he should value theirs then
rutledge proceeds to take coulter back
on the train over and over again with no
rest period in between he tells the
soldier that they will keep doing it
until he finds the bomber coulter says
that he can't do it and rutledge
manipulates him into getting him where
he needs culture to be he plays a
recording of his father giving an
interview after he died feeling sorry
that they never really understood each
other culture tells rutledge to send him
back in coulter is back on the train and
go straight for the gun the bomb he
takes the detonator phone out from the
bomb and calls the only phone number in
its call log a man answers as coulter
moves through the train he tells him to
turn around but the man in front of him
hears him in turns colder sits next to
him and threatens him with a gun saying
that he can't kill anyone the man swears
that he was talking to his wife so he
makes him call the phone again suddenly
another phone rings and he apologizes to
him he hears the phone outside and
follows after the guy he sees him
putting his wallet back on the train and
finally knows his name derek frost the
door's closed so he opens it with the
emergency handle and jumps off so that
he can go after him culture sees him
going to a white van and goes up to him
he shows derek the phone but he pretends
that he doesn't recognize it colder
knows it's him though so he shows him
the second bomb inside the van he
inspects the bomb and asks him where his
next target is when catherine shows up
derek shoots them both coulter is still
alive so derek gives him the whole
speech on why he's doing it his
explanation is that the world is hell
and that it needs to be rebuilt for the
world to be rebuilt it needs to be
destroyed derek gets in the van and
leaves them there the bomb in the train
explodes regardless when coulter
transitions back to the capsule he sees
the images from before more clearly
immediately as he comes back he tells
goodwin and rutledge about the bomber in
the van he went into he confirms that
the second bomb is radioactive rutledge
and goodwin congratulate him and say
that his mission is over before they
leave him he asks to be sent back to try
to save the people before he dies
meanwhile the army arrests derek frost
before he can detonate the second bomb
rutledge gets validation from his
superiors about his project and goodwin
returns to talk to coulter he talks
about the possibilities of parallel
realities and what different versions of
people might be like there goodwin
explains that he only saw shadows or
after images of the people that died on
the train she tells him that he can't
alter the past but coulter insists that
there was a fail-safe on the explosive
that he didn't see before and that she's
wrong coulter pleads with her to send
him back in without approval and then
switch him off she has some trouble
deciding but still does it telling him
that at the end of his source code she
will terminate his life support culture
tells her that he'll save christina
goodwin says that it was an honor and
wishes him good luck colter is back on
the train for the last time he asks
christina out for coffee and she very
gladly accepts colter asks her to give
him a few minutes to save the world he
instantly goes toward the bomb and takes
out the first and second detonators then
he passes by derrick and steals the
conductor's handcuffs while the source
code is active rutledge gets more good
reviews from his superiors as goodwin
walks into his office he tells her to
wipe coulter's memory and prepare him
for a new source code rutledge has no
intention to let him die to goodwin's
disapproval back at the train coulter
stops derek from going out of the train
and cuss him to a bar he shows him the
phone and calls the police telling them
everything about derrick and the
radioactive bomb in the van calder takes
his phone and leaves him there he sends
an email to goodwin from his phone and
calls his dad calder tells him that he's
a friend of his and that before he died
he wanted to say that he was sorry
meanwhile goodwin goes to the place
where they are keeping his body and
opens the chamber seeing the state that
is in coulter's dad tells him that he
wishes he told him that he loved him he
says that he knows it culver goes back
to christina rutledge gets a call that
goodwin is with colter he asks for mps
to join him at coulter's chamber and
tries to unlock the door goodwin waits
for coulter's eight minutes to run out
on the train colder asks christina what
she would do if she had less than a
minute to live she says that she would
make those seconds count colder kisses
her goodwin switches his life support
off and the mps run inside only to see
coulter's dead body back at the train
the explosion never happens culter says
that everything is going to be okay he
and christina take a walk to the chicago
bean and coulter realizes that the
visions he had when transitioning were
of that same moment make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications so
you can watch more videos like this
thanks for watching